Use new chaos APIs to simplify the usage examples (#1912)
App-vNext/Polly: docs/chaos/fault.md

    F->>P: Throws injected Fault
    P->>C: Propagates Exception
```

## Generating faults

> To generate fault, you need to specify `FaultGenerator` delegate. You have the following options to how you customize this delegate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a fault, you need to specify a `FaultGenerator` delegate. You have the following options as to how you customize this delegate:
```

### Use `FaultGenerator` class to generate faults

> The `FaultGenerator` is convenience API that allows you to specify what faults (exceptions) are to be injected. Additionally, it also allows assigning weight to each registered exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `FaultGenerator` is a convenience API that allows you to specify what faults (exceptions) are to be injected. Additionally, it also allows assigning weight to each registered fault.
```
